feat: use native locking in python-redis instead of third-party package (#15230)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/changes.rst

Please follow :ref:`generic-upgrade-instructions` in order to perform update.

> * The distributed locking now uses a different what introduced several changes in :file:`settings_example.py`.

Author: ```suggestion
* The distributed locking now uses a different implementation and that introduced several changes in :file:`settings_example.py`.
```
